---
layout: post
title: Books I read 2018
---

I started reading self-improvement books on 2015. Since then, I have read more than 100 books. It's very time consuming for me to summarize the lessons from each of the 100 books. However, I will start summarizing every book after I finish reading them in the future on this blog.

Here, I will list all books that I read in the year of 2018:
1. The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People by Stephen Covey
2. Principles: Life and Work by Ray Dalio
3. Awaken the Giant Within by Tony Robbins
4. Superintelligence by Nick Bostrom
5. Energy and Civilization: A History by Vaclav Smil
6. Money Master the Game: 7 Simple Steps to Financial Freedom by Tony Robbins
7. The Tipping Point: How Little Things Can Make a Big Difference by Malcolm Gladwell
8. Riveted by Jim Davies
9. The Richest Man in Babylon by George S. Clason
10. Buy Bricks Sell Bricks by who?
11. Blue Ocean Strategy by W. Chan Kim and Renee Mauborgne
12. Vagabonding by Rolf Potts
13. The Big O by Lou Paget
14. Not Giving a Fuck by Mark Manson
15. Silent Language of Leaders by Carol Kinsey Goman Ph.D.
16. Great Business Team by Howard M. Guttman
17. The Magic of Thinking Big by David J. Schwartz
18. The Power of Positive Thinking by Dr. Norman Vincent Peale
19. What Every Body is Saying: An Ex-FBI Agent's Guide to Speed-Reading People by Joe Navarro and Marvin Karlins
20. What They Don't Teach You at Harvard Business School by Mark H. McCormack
21. Bold by Peter H. Diamandis and Steven Kotler
22. How to Lead When You're Not in Charge by Clay Scroggins
23. How Google Works by Eric Schmidt and Jonathan Rosenberg
24. Crushing It! by Gary Vaynerchuk
25. Start with Why: How Great Leaders Inspire Everyone to Take Action by Simon Sinek
26. Gung Ho by Ken Blanchard
27. The 4-Hour Workweek by Tim Ferriss
28. The 10X Rule by Grant Cardone
29. The Sale of a Lifetime by Harry S. Dent Jr.

During this year 2019, I plan to keep up with the same pace. The books I intend to read will be focused on IoT, AI, 5G, startup, biograpies of big tech enterprises and the founders, and IoT. Oh, did I mention IoT twice?

P.s. I did not include the textbooks and scientific journal papers here. If I do, the list probably reaches >40 books.
